The Joe Rogan experience. Chris Callan is it should be on his way as he is.
Yeah. He's on his way. Amazing. Get here this guy.
Now I know when he said, like, we set it up for him to get tested too,
when he said, yay. Yeah, I think it could be there. What does that mean?
Are you coming or not? I think so. Like the things like you.
He ain't got to do by the way. Nobody has to do right now. You ain't got to do.
He was driving to know wherever the was he driving? Where is it?
The driving. If he's not doing a podcast today, he doesn't have to do.
And I don't think he's doing a podcast today. Right? He's got.
How many podcasts does he have now? 1, 2 80 podcasts.
There was a time where we had lost a lot. We had, we had like a lot and like,
one of them was like the intellectual one. And I was like, Hey man,
drop that one.
Yeah. What'd they call it, um, mixed mental arts.
Dude, mixed mental arts.
How many episodes? However many episodes or where they were. That was that many,
too many, too many. That many too many conversations weren't.
Bad. But the title.
Had to go. I don't know. I never, I never listened possible. Yeah.
Impossible. You can't do mixed mental. Yeah.
Something like that. It might've been worse than that. I might be blacking out.
I think.
That's over.
He's the only guy I know with the TV show, that's hoping it gets.
Canceled so funny. He's like, I can't do this.
I don't want to do this anymore. I'm like I told.
You,
he sent me a video of a few weeks ago and he was like work my whole life as an
actor.
He had on like a iron man thing and had like a thing that was blinking because
he was dressed for the scene. And he was like, this is my life man.
And it was a raw, let me see if I got finally, he was like, Hey.
It's so boring. He goes, the people are great. I love working with these people.
Thing is so boring and it takes so much time. I'd rather just to stand up.
The thing is, is just here. It is. Do you have it? Your airdrop on?
I can send it to you so you can play it. Who knows what he says?
If it's okay. We can cut it out if it's bad.
Well, is he saying something bad? And I don't think.
He gets in trouble for it. I don't think so. Um,
airdrop young Jamie's here we go.
I presented to both of them. There we go. You get it. All right. Um,
but he is a he's hysterical, man. I mean, I don't know anyone like him, dude.
He is the only one time. This is, this is how he is just so you know,
everybody who's listening. Uh, one of, one of our best friends, right? Uh,
we talk a lot of cause it's fun. But he.
Uh, he'd.
Be there in 20 minutes. Right. We were at dinner with the friends that, uh,
was SASA. Was there other guys that we knew for a while?
And a few of them had never seen me do stand up.
And we were at dinner and I was like, I gotta leave guys. I gotta,
I gotta set at the comedy at the comedy store. And they were like, oh,
you do well when you go on. And I was like, well,
I gotta get there early because I, you know, I don't wanna be late for the spot.
But as long as you get there by whatever, nine 30, come on by. And they're like,
oh cool, well, I'll come. So I go, I go, I tell the door guys. I was like,
my buddies are coming to SAS. We're gonna be there.
You know who he is that I'm in with a crew and K O K also account is gonna be
there. So, um, so, uh, I, I get on, I was like, oh yeah. I said,
they may come when I'm going on stage or whatever, let them in.
So I get on stage, do my set. And I'm like, oh, it's cool. My friends are here,
you know, get off stage. And I say, Hey, what'd you see my friends?
And they said they never came. And I said, what? So I called will Sasso.
And I was like, Hey, will, did you guys come? And he was like, Brian said,
you were going to the improv instead. And I said, what?
And I called his he's at the improv.
So, you know, Brian. So that's how I know you're good friends with Brian.
So I called Brian and I'm. I'm like, these wanted to,
why would you do this? They wanted to see me. They'd never seen me do stand up.
Like, it's fun for me. Like, it's fun for me to do it for them.
It's fun for them to see. And I call Brian, I'm ready to get heated at them.
Just be like, what? Cause this had to set at the improv. Ain't even mention.
He probably forgot. And they were like, where are you? He's like,
come on to the improv. Right? So he stole the time from me. Right.
So I call him and I'm heated. I'm going to yell at him. Right.
And he picks up the phone and before I can even talk, he says,
you ruined the night. And I said, what?
And he said, we're at, we're at the improv to come on over. And I was like, you.
And he was like, nah, they don't want to watch you. They're going to watch me.
I had to respect it. Do you know what I mean?
Well, that's a good approach. If you're going to do something like that,
just go on the offensive right away. It's a great, yeah. You don't,
you don't want to be, oh.
We didn't know in the NIST. Oh, whoops. You got to love a man.
You got to love him. That guy is just a mile a minute. And he is insane. He's.
But he's way more calm now than when he was younger.
When he was like 30 years old. Couldn't imagine he would,
he always had these girls that were useless. They were,
they were like runaways and they were stealing from him. They were,
they would stay in his house. It was like some new girls stay in his house.
I'm like, what are you doing? What are you doing? He was always a mess. So, uh,
one time, uh, I remember, uh, he came over to my house and uh,
we're gonna have dinner and we're going to watch something like a fight or
something. He came over my house.
He was over my house for 10 minutes and he goes, um,
I got a party I have to go to, but I'll be back a little later.
I'm like, what are you doing? You came over for 10 minutes.
Did you tell two different people that you're going over your head?
Of course he did. I might've. I go, well just tell them to go off. Yeah.
But it was like,
I think it was like something where I was like some producer guy who was hoping
was going to like put him in something.
And he was literally over my house for 10 minutes.
Unbelievable. This guy, pray this, play.
This.
Look at him. Look at him.
The reason that I love acting, I stay on set for 12 hours, but it's worth it.
It's worth it because I get to wear
shoot. You know what? It looks like pauses. You know what? He looks like.
Who's that old Ian McClellan from the X-Men we played
Magneto. You'll get, get a photo of Ian McClellan as Magneto.
That's how, by the way.
How does he look gay? Or then he had a McKellan and the thing.
He does look gay or he looks he's gay. Isn't he? He's real gay.
And he's real old. And Brian looks older and.
Needle.
He'll keep me in it. I need an image quickly.
Oh wow. Oh, a hundred percent right there. Right there. Right there. That's it.
That's Carolyn. That's younger. Straight or Calen. Yeah. It's younger.
And less gay. Look at that. Go back to Callan. Thank you.
Nailed it.
That's McKellen. Look at the whole,
looking at each other for when he comes in here.
10 Minutes. When he gets here.
That's the look of Ian. Hasn't been like, how are you.
Please? Please? Don't goes this.
I want to be able to pull it up immediately and just say Kalin.
Guess what we were talking about.
I love making fun of friends, man.
Older than that guy. How's he look.
Lighter or some? The lighting.
It's working on the set. Make some old, oh God. That's news. Yeah. And uh,
is he here? Yeah, he's here. What is he doing outside?
Do you want me to tell him? He's probably talking to the seals. Let me grab him.
He gets to the security guys and he starts telling war stories. Come on.
You're boring. What are you telling those guys? You mind shut the door, bro.
Oh dude. What are we live in? your dad getting here.
We're talking about one American news network. Let me ask you a question.
Talking about my dad was toast for the past 45 minutes was explaining China to
me. So how did you get questions?
Amazing. It's amazing that you got boring already. Just got here.
I liked the haircut. Look good.
This is how we always should have been shot bullying.
How did you know? How did you not know? But how old are you?
You're done. You need to see something. I'm in my I'm in my forties.
There you go. Older and gayer than Ian McClellan. He's.
[Inaudible].
Got it. Nah,
that's a lens I have symmetrical my face is and how sharp my nose is.
You listen to look older and was holding water.
I'd eaten a lot of cheese probably tonight. You look like though.
Maybe looking at you and he's saying, how are you older and gayer than me?
He's biting his lower lip. Thinking to suck in your car. He's doing well.
I met him, my young man. And when he went backstage,
I was in college and I met him after a one man, Shakespeare show you shake.
Tears, right? This story ends in tears. This story is in tears.
Listen, I want to say one thing before we start anything, please. Okay, cool.
And this is important. Okay. I just want to say, please,
don't be here. You're not going to be. I'm not going to be.
I just want to say this is from the heart. Um, so I'm being nice.
Because it sounds like you're setting something up to be backwards here.
This is your special, it remains my specialist.
So to me, it's just so satisfying to watch my students.
Well, I don't see how this is not going to be showcased.
So it just in the sense that my, my comedy child, if you will,
in a way, because you used open for me.
And so to watch you watch me and then to take me and then to even expand
it. Not, not to deepen it, but to, to broaden it, you know?
Okay. So you say it I'm like McDonald's is what you're saying? You said that?
No. No. And that's, and it's good to see who you are. Right?
So Europe pop comic, right?
Who has to keep reinventing himself now you're 40 and now we got it right now.
We've got to deepen things and that's where I'm going to help.
Okay. Okay. And how are you going to help me? What's what?
How are you going to help me? Magneto is.
Yeah, we're going to start with the helmet and then you're going to take,
we're going to sit down and I'm going to give you a reading list.
Are you dressed like a mannequin? You are dressed like a J crew mannequin.
You shop at J crew.
Like it's 2001st I like those shirts. I do too.
But looking at you, you can't tell.
Us Jim's pers they make nice shirts. Now that you weren't a white.
Beater underneath. No way. Peter underneath,
like you're in a play from the forties, dude. What the is wrong with you, dude?
Why do you have.
He's retired. He's my torso. Warm out. Hold on. What's the temperature.
[inaudible].
Unbelievable, dude. Have you ever worn a color?
Have you ever worn a color besides earth tones? Brian, it's 80 degrees.
Believable, Joe, listen, it keeps my lower, my Keats, my lower back,
my mid body warm. So if I have to generate torque, I've got to throw a kick,
got a throat. I'm not going to twist my back. So my backstage,
you should never kick anybody.
I saw your kicks. First of.
All, I want to say this. You're welcome.
On what? How about this? Your welcome. Nope. Nobody's.
Special coming out. How many wife beaters.
You own? That's what he wears underneath. He wears underneath. You know why?
Because your wife is smart and fashionable, but you dude, you look like you.
If you take off that shirt, you have a wife beater on bro.
You have an actual wife or my wife beater. My one should talk.
It's like, you already look like a wife beater. Don't wear one.
To me.